okokok

    display weather data from weather website. make it look a lil preety.
    perhaps scrolling image.

DOM
    wtf is it???
    
    Docuement Object Model
    data representation of the objects that comprise the stlkfjsdflkajdfkadf
    structure of webpage. 
    programming interface for HTML and XML
    represents the document as nodes and objects. allows programming languages 
    to connect comunicate with page.
    Object Oriented representation of a webpage. 
    with the DOM, JavaScript can access and change all the elements of an html docuement. 
    JavaScript gets power to create dynamic HTML.
    The DOM is a W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) standard.
    Treats a XML or HTML docuement as a tree structure where each node represents a part of the docuement.
    


okokok
    jquery is going to be a thing i am thinking. first, what is it?

    Javascript library. 'greatly simplifies javascript programming on the web'...
    has a number of things such as
        Selectors 
            Selects elements to then do stuff to those elements
        Events or Event Methods
            trigger or attach a function to an event handler for the selected elements.
        Effects
            creates animation effects. 
        HTML/CSS
            methods for manipulating the HTML/CSS
        Traversing
            moving/finding/accessing elements
        AJAX
            AJAX is the 'art' of exchanging data with a server, and update parts of a webpage
            (without reloading page). api requests?
        MISC    
            Miscellaneous Methods 
        PROPERTIES
            metadata of webpage. 

        
WTF does async mean?
    JavaScript is a synchronous programming language, but because of callback functions we can make it work like an Asynchronous Programming language.
    WTF is synchronous and asynchronous???
        When you execute something synchronously, you wait for it to finish before moving on to another task. 
        When you execute something asynchronously, you can move on to another task before it finishes.
        so its sorta whether or not you have to wait before doing something important. 