citizen. American good a called being of praise high the deserve to as live to so endeavor and duty, full his do ability, his of measure the to according will, each only if them, overcome to capacity our doubt or them fear should we why reason no is there but them, recognize should we why reason every is There poor. turbulent and thriftless the of violence anarchic the from and rich, unscrupulous the of greed the from springing perils timidity, and indolence laziness, individual from perils corruption, political from perils – Republic the of course stormy the in encountered be to yet are perils Grave down. them beat and overcome to work to set should them fronting steadily but them, from shrink nor them overestimate neither should we us: threaten that and exist that dangers the recognize should We optimists. foolish nor pessimists timid neither be should we land, our of salvation the out work to capacity, individual his of measure the to according each striving, in and future the facing Know-Nothings.In the of spirit the than institutions, American to alien thoroughly more be can spirit No birthplace. or creed of because way any in him against discriminate to un-Americanism of height the is it and stand, Americans other all as precisely stand to entitled is he then American, an faith good in and honestly become does he however, If, equality. and toleration religious complete of land the in customs and language their perpetuate to try to business no and French, or German Irish, or British politics, foreign of questions with up us mixing be to business no has he and else; nothing and American an be to got has man A allegiance. divided a for here room any not have We Americans. straight-out plain but anything as or Germans, or Irishmen as here coming after act to continued they had salt their worth been have would birth German or Irish of men these of none course, Of yacht. Hudson’s Henry in or Mayflower the in here over come had ancestors his if as States United straight as just was who but birth, by German a out, found incidentally I was, who counties, of tier southern the from gentleman a was body that in friends personal and political especial my among while body; legislative a in sat never men disinterested and fearless more and abler three and parentage; or birth Irish of were chose I men four the of out three than less no – Albany at duty important most my esteemed always I which – committee a choose to lot my to fell it when legislature, York New the In simple. and pure Americans, all are we and work, good do to wish we considered: be not must creed, of questions like origin, race of questions mind.Again, of turn socialistic decidedly a had he politics applied than rather theoretic of questions on although us, to useful particularly was who stone-mason a and bricklayers lawyers, bankers, brokers, various paper, German local a of editor the and butcher, retail noted a crew), university a of stroke-oar (the professor College Columbia a had also We gentlemen. Catholic well-known two and rabbi, Hebrew a of nephew the clergyman, Presbyterian a of son the was victories our organizing in deal great a did who men many the Among origin. race of distinctions to regard any without Americans straight-out as in turning all by it do we did especially method: and motive in square and honest being by yet and practically, working by organization; good and work hard by it did We party. either by since or before run been ever has district assembly other any than better way, ideal an really in it ran and York, New of districts assembly the of one of hold got myself) being number the of (one to-night here do we as think who men of number a that time one was There worker. efficient an and fellow good a is he as far so in save him, with work to put is who about rap a care won’t he and effective, most be will that way the in organization the up work to begin will he object), would prig a only which to and praise-worthy, and normal perfectly is which interest an – itself game the playing in interest healthy good a take also but politics, of sake the for interested get only not speedily will he (and politics in interest an take to begins he as soon As match. football contested hotly a in teams rival and own his of members the of standing social the to gives boy college a than matters such of thought more no with contest political the into go him Let all. at matter the about think him let not Do more. even attitude this resent they that find will he men these to condescend elaborately and patronize to in starts he if and roughly; quite probably and quickly, very race the of out thrown be to going is he him, beside stand to happens who butcher, a or plumber, a carpenter, a than treatment better little a have to ought he that feels he if course, Of service. actual in have to himself prove to able is he merit the from aside superiority to claim a him giving as education and wealth having his of facts the regards he that shows turn in man the unless is, there that think not do I politics. ward in education and wealth of man a against prejudice a not is there if me ask sometimes People actions. own his by make himself way some in can man a as such save obtain differences social no that feel, to affect merely not feel, really must he standing, and means of man a man, wealthy a is he if Again, worked. are they how of knowledge practical no had has he when institutions our discuss to try literature, political in read well professor college a or intelligent, is he because merely not, must he things all above and government; responsible about instance, for fad, a get not must He conditions. different entirely own our to France, and Germany as such countries, other of thinkers political the of theories the all apply to trying and out following into misled getting not by Americanism his show must he man, educated an is man a If sides. several has Americanism of question the course, Of others. of experience own my from derived advice, common-sense matter-of-fact, of piece a as soberly quite it saying am I rhetoric: spread-eagle of matter a as this saying not am I Americanism. of spirit the with through and through imbued be must country our in citizen a as duty his do to wishes who man the against.Finally, fight must citizen American good every what are vices and corruptions these All friends! between come to Constitution the allow never should you that says another and benevolence, active prevents it because Constitution the of horror a has he says man one where legislature, York New the in corruptions the note you work-when his do to dollars hundred five thousand one deputy a pays who and dollars, thousand eighty-five be to fees annual his acknowledges who treasurer City York New a of spectacle the contemplate you when needed is reform the Certainly often. not but abused, been has reform civil-service the Occasionally himself! did he as well as almost work the do to how incumbent new the teaching months six spends often incumbent old the change a such of result the as when say; they efficiency” increased of score the “on underlings, their in made be to changes urging departments of heads the than view, of point humorous a from interesting, more nothing certainly is There election?” last the in for vote you did “Whom – favor political his for aspirant the asks who politician practical the of that than be there could question irrelevant more What questions. irrelevant man a asking is reform civil-service that say to as far so went even them of One it. at sneer politicians practical sure, be To reform. service civil the than spoilsmen the of purposes the thwarting in effective more is nothing And politics. American of degradation the is which system,” “spoils the against than needed urgently more criticism specific and fearless is nothing colleges.Against our in men young the among especially and education, of men young among spirit unwholesome very a produce to tends it and men; public our of character the deteriorate to steadily tends It harmful. very is it alike, man any of qualities bad and good the against or alike, bad and good against directed and unintelligent, and sweeping is it When discriminating. be should and honest be should it that reiterate again I but fearless, be should Criticism bad. the helped and good the hurt simply condemnation sweeping in bad, and good members, the all lump to event, any in and, rule; a as true not was statement The Tweed. of days the since legislature worst the was legislature particular that said invariably morality affect that papers the session every of close the at that fact the was most mind to used I that things the of one legislature, York New the in was I When good. little very do really charges sweeping these Moreover Congress. against brought be cannot it but brought, be legitimately perfectly could corruption of charge the which against aldermen of board one than more legislature, State one than more known have I shortcomings. real man’s the of sight lose it repelling in and unjust, entirely is charge the that recognize who constituents, his with him help to and course evil his in firmly more him set to merely is honest, perfectly is he when corruption of demagogue narrow-minded a accuse to and corrupt; usually not are they but bigoted; and narrow-minded, short-sighted, exceedingly often are they partisans; blind often very are they demagogues; often very are Congressmen equivalent. its or money by influenced be action their let will they that sense the in corruptible, are who indeed proportion small very a members the among is there that satisfied entirely am I Congresses several with acquaintance intimate pretty a from and indeed; small very now is Congress in influence its but Washington, at important very was lobby the when day a was There untrue. is This Washington. in all-powerful as recognized was lobby the that incidentally stated it which in life, public our of corruption the at railing article an paper religious a in read recently I effective. be to order in intelligent, be should it but honest, be criticism should only Not independence. of organ professed some in lies, than worse are that half-truths the and innuendo, sarcasm, with or organ, party violent and vulgar the in directness foolish and foul-mouthed with done is it whether wrongdoing; outrageous with servant public the charges falsely who man the comes distinction, iniquitous for race the in heels his on close so, criminals, of worst the of one is public the against crime a commits who man public the as exactly But officials. or politicians of part the on public the against crimes punish to be, may as far so and, denounce, to party, of irrespective citizens, all of duty the is It good. the also denouncing by denunciations such of effect the weaken to wicked more the all it makes evil denouncing of need very the men.Moreover, honest all from censure severest the deserve it in part taking those and way, every in unwholesome thoroughly is effect the done is it where rule a as that and cases, exceptional very in only say, may I indeed, and occasionally only necessary be can this that recognized thoroughly be should it but one- bad a electing of cost the at even enough, good quite not is who man, good pretty a beat to necessary is it Occasionally seller liquor the elect to former the from votes enough diverts seller liquor a and man temperance a between contest close a in who, prohibitionist, political the to answer They evil. for work that forces of total sum the in count thus they and entitled, are they which to support them from withdrawing by good the of hands the weaken to able sometimes are they nil, almost is bad the against influence their while and question; pubic some on disagree they whom with men good of characters the ruining for than men, bad attacking for less care to seem men these often Too contend. to professes he which against evil of forces very the of friend a and citizen poor a is himself he unworthy, or worthy whether politicians, American at sneering perpetually is man a when that case the usually is it so decadent, the of type first-class a morally and mentally, physically, himself is he civilization our of decadence the bewails man a when that case the generally is it as Exactly complaining. ostensibly is he which of evils very the aggravate and perpetuate to can he all doing is indifference or dislike of one be should politics American toward attitude proper their that education of men teaches who writer editorial the or speaker public The evil. for wielded is community the in wields he influence little what that and citizen, bad thoroughly a is men public our and life public our at sneering always is who man the that granted for taken be may It water. the across people the to inferior us considers colonialism servile of spirit true the in and America, distrusts genuinely who alike, bad and good attacking always is who man, well-educated refined, the of faultfinding continual and sneering, fretful, peevish, the as harmful as scarcely is it all after but degree; last the to contemptible and offensive is abroad, successfully tried been previously has it because reform any of introduction the resenting and bad, and good American, everything praising Europe, at defiance yelling continually is who orator spread-eagle foolish the of vulgarity screaming The praise. indiscriminate of than more even censure indiscriminate of beware must he function) necessary and great a has critic the course of (and critic a as act does he as far so in and himself; deeds of doer a than rather others, of actions the of critic a becomes he how beware should he again, And self-indulgence. and laziness mere of mark a is it plea a such urges he when and can; he nonsense, is This self-respect. his retain and duties his do cannot he that plea false any by duties his shirking for himself excuse not must he that and ineffective, become not must he virtuous being in that reiterate, me let favor.But political of wind the of gust every catch to sails his shape to trying is who him of portion the inevitably is which care harassing the from freed is He time. better far a has he but servant, public a as useful more infinitely become he does only not prospects, his affect may actions his how to regard without community, the for best deems honestly he what do will but future, own his to heed no pay will he that mind his up made definitely has servant public a when moreover, And honest. and true be to believes he what sacrificing of cost the at employment public the in gray grows who man the can than service, of term short a in himself, upon honor greater hundredfold a reflect can and nation, the for much as twice accomplish really can he mind his up make thus does he if and principles; own his of sacrifice without terms, own his on it in stay can he as long as only it for cares he that mind his up make to ought he but in; is he when there stay to ambition honorable an and life, public enter to ambition honorable an have should man a why reason every is There institutions. monarchical under other the and republican under fostered is one though courtier, the as creature a unlovely as is demagogue The dangers. different breed conditions political Different behests. its defy to duty clear man’s a is it then devil, the of voice the be to happens it when and God; of voice the always not is people the of voice The people. the of wishes the disregard to times at duty clear his be may it but politicians, of wishes the disregard to often duty his be it may only Not bound. are hands his and hampered is he destiny, his over influence an have will who leader political great some affect will or district, his in voters the affect will act an such and such how think to begins he that moment The handicapped. seriously most becomes immediately he does he if for life; in occupation sole his as or livelihood, of means a as career political his regard himself let should man any that think not do I career. a himself for out plan to strive not him let position, public attains he hand, other the on If, office. in men the been not have life public our for work best the done have who country this in men the often that know him let and all, at office holding to regard without politics in duty his do to mind his up make him Let gone. is usefulness his convictions, his of cost the at gotten, when it keep to or convictions, his of cost the at it get to willingness a with himself, office wants he that feel to begins once he If disinterestedness. of that is essential most hold to always ought he which quality one the that feel I man this for and life; civic its in commonwealth the of member a as duty his do to wants who citizen, ordinary the of do I as stamp this of men of much so not speak I but standards: moral own his to adhering yet while others of prejudices and wishes the to deference just in go can he far how mind his in settling continually be must and opinion, their to defer and others with consult often very must he leader, a becomes he when statesmanship, of ground higher the to on verges man a when course Of possible. best the accept to himself resign often must Lincoln, Abraham like yet, and best, the for manfully strive always must He other. the on politics Sunday-school in believer sturdy a and hand, one the on politician practical a is he unless life public in work decent and effective both do can man No politics. Sunday-school at another and politicians, practical at sneer citizens our of class one see to country the for sign bad a is It principle. to devotion and self-respect your of iota one abandon to you advising as understood be moment one for not must I hard, work to and practical be to you advising in honesty.But and decency public for demands its to regard some pay to have they that feel will candidates successful the often more wishes, its of defiance direct in office to elected be will men sometimes while that and felt; be will influence its that and respect, and hatred, fear, of combination a with it treat to begin will district that of politicians local the that guarantee can you outside, or organizations regular the of one in whether district, any in found is business, their know and business mean who men, intelligent honest, hundred two or fifty and hundred one of band a once When right. the for struggle a make not should or should one whether to as is question the when whatsoever it of consideration no be should there but right; the for struggle the in succeed to efforts one’s shaping while failure of question the consider to right perfectly is It defeat. or success with meets he whether of irrespective duty his do and ahead go will he him in stuff right the has he if but failures; be may efforts his of two or one course, Of bottom. the at begun had he if as foundation permanent and broad same the on stand does he good the will event no in and eventually; defeated be only will he that one to thousand a are chances the but success, temporary brilliant a make may he top the at begins he If president. a or governor, a mayor, a making at hand his tries he before alderman better or assemblyman better a procure to work to set him Let government better of procurance the for practical something do to able and willing many, be will there assured rest may we whom of district, that in people decent the with communication in himself put district, own his or ward own his know to get also must he but clubs; such need We good. of deal great a do may he discussed be will virtue political abstract where club a form to does, he as think who people, other with Joins he If district. his with begin to him for idea excellent an be would it them, reform to wants and corrupt very are instance, for city, his of politics the that feels man a if way, same the In weight. a yourself find soon very will you them, attend to persuade can you whom or gatherings, political the at meet you whom men other with associations form to try and attending on keep you if but place; of out wholly yourself find will you there go who people other the of any know to trouble the taken having never once, just primary a to go you if course, Of effort. an without anything accomplish to expect not do and thing, little the with Begin armies. Federal the into went fathers their which with spirit same the in it do would and politics, into go would citizens good our of more that wish do Appomattox.I with come victory of flood full the and Gettysburg at turn failure of tide the saw he finally until defeat and triumph through mind equal with persevering and shortcomings and follies the offset places high in men other which with resolution and intelligence, patience, the bravery, the also recognizing army, the of destinies the guide to helped who those by committed follies and shortcomings innumerable the at disheartened not but over, grieving duty, his with on doggedly went and teeth his gritted simply he management; its of approve not did and councils, its in weight much of not was really he because Potomac, the of Army the enter to citizen self-respecting any for useless quite it considered he that him) about manliness or pluck any had he (if announce not did he Chancellorsville at day disastrous less scarcely the by followed was Fredericksburg of defeat terrible the when campaign, Peninsular the of failure utter the succeeded Run Bull and Bluff Ball’s When brigade. his in while a after regiment, his in company, his in duty his did and be, might case the as captain, or lieutenant sergeant, or private as in went He campaign. given any in importance decisive of be would action individual that anticipated or outset, the at place high take to expected intelligence much possessed who them of one no but armies; Northern the enter to duty their be to it felt who North the in men young of thousands of hundreds many good a were there Run Bull of battle the After brigadier-generals. as go could they unless rebellion the down putting in part any take to unwilling were but War, Civil the and Union the support should town the that resolve to meeting a in together came who town his of people the upon article Ward’s Artemus reading like feel always I people discouraged easily too or hopeful too these To manner. a such in anything accomplish to try to citizen good a for useless quite was it saying returned anyone, with combine not could and one no knew he where place a in anything accomplish to unable been course, of having, and primary, a to once round gone having who man a of know I and alike; city and State, national, everywhere, politics purify forthwith shall which organization an into themselves form to impulse immediate an feel duties, political their neglected have they that fact the to awakened when who, men young excellent many know I jump. a with off, right everything reform to expect not should politics into goes who man a that is, utter to caution necessary very seemingly manner.One practical a in work of piece new this do to try to election before long effectively and practically in turn can they and work, political of piece specific some on him with agree who and himself as position same the in are who men of number a find surely can he unfortunate, very is he unless but, management; their organizing in share his doing from him preclude and parties, leading two the of primaries the from him bar course, of will, It election. to prior work political active from refraining for excuse an as party either with agreement of lack this plead to right no has he that feel I case a such In either. to adherence full his give to unable is he that other, the by held principles certain or party, one by held principles certain against or for strongly so feel may he that supposable perfectly is it but parties: greatest the of one compose who citizens fellow his of those of bulk the with accord in him put to as such are them, like others and traffic, liquor the of regulation the immigration, finance, tariff, the as questions such on day, the of questions great the on views his that feel to conscientiously able is he if man a for well is It organizations. different many with connection by and ways, different many in it to service render can nation, the for best his do to sense common and honesty, fearlessness, with striving citizen, good a that fact the recognize to enough broad-minded be to ought we that think I day. present the of organizations the to reference with concrete, the in action party for down them lay to impossible wholly be course, of would, it abstract; the in action party for rules fixed any down lay to difficult is it other.If the sacrifice to duty of matter a be may it or quality, one sacrifice to duty of matter a be may it exigency given any in that realize to got has he and responsibility, party and allegiance party of sense some have to got has he crank, ineffective wholly a be to wishes he unless other, the on and hand; one the on independence his preserve to got has He work. political man’s a with so about is it Well, architecture. naval successful of principles great the of any sacrifice to not unimportant something of sake the for careful very be must you compromise this making in course, of but, needful; things dozen the acquire to order in each on compromise a of less or more make to got have you short in that, power, sail utmost the get do really you if quality other some sacrificing without power sail possible utmost the get must you that incompatibilities; of bundle a is rifle, good a like racing-yacht, a that said has Somebody reform. municipal of that instance, for as, victory, specific certain a win to together banded locality, particular a in citizens of association an or adherents, of millions its numbering and nation whole the covering organization great a be it whether party, a really is organization an course of and organized; be must people work best the do to that convinced fully am I hand, other the On been. have I than placed fortunately more been has he so do can he if rate any at otherwise; and local issue, every on time the all party own his support to manage well very can cities, great our of one in least at citizen, average the that think not do I right. be to believes whole the on he which party the of success the of sake the for opinions cherished own his of some sacrifice to is duty highest his when occasions more many be may there and identified; hitherto been himself has he which with one the against and parties of outside act to man any of duty highest the be may it when occasions are There other. the on allegiance party or hand one the on independence about dogmatizing of need no is There beliefs. and theories their of certain modified or yielded likewise have who fellows, his with ground common a on stand to him enable to as so beliefs and theories own his of certain modifying or yielding he others, with combination in done be must it extent greater yet a To wrong. and right of theories and beliefs individual his with accordance in done be must work his extent certain a To account. into taken be must convictions and temper individual man’s Each practical. made be shall work the which in way the just rigidly define to possible not is it course, Of justice. and honor of principles highest the with accord in done be shall it that is third his and manner; practical a in work that do shall he that is duty second his politics; in work shall he that is then, citizen, American an of duty first politics.The into go they if right not is what do to required be may they that afraid are and low, morality political of condition the think they that fact the going their against urge further who men politics; practical of details important the all in share personal a take to and clubs, political organize to meetings, ward to go to time got not have really they that saying community the in standing social or business high of men find to contemptuous, wholly and amused, half and angry half feel one makes It politics. with way same the just is It stamp. Gould Jay the of men by won often most were successes great the that saw and be, should they what means no by community business the of morals the thought he because anyhow business like not did he that statement further his to heed much pay we would nor office; his in work for left time no had he that engrossing and pleasant so were duties social his that fact the to failure his attributed who man business the of excuse the accept not should We principles. same the and interests same the have who fellows our with combination in is that organization, in labor by especially and labor, by them, acquired forefathers our as exactly retained be must other the and one the then right, valuable a is self-government of right the if having, worth is freedom If supremacy. political for men fellow his with struggle rough the in part his take to unable be to as life home easy own his in up wrapped much so or gain, of pursuit the in or pleasure of pursuit the in absorbed much so man the of hands the in idler, the and sluggard the of hands the in long tarry it does yet nor cowards: of hands the in long tarries that gift a not is freedom that learning, then were countrymen his which fact the of speaks he War Civil the about stanzas magnificent Lowell’s of one In Napoleon. second the of that like plebiscite, occasional an by tempered despotism take can you vote, but nothing do to content are they if or despotism; a under is place Their community. free a in live to unfit are they that saying simply are politics to attend to time not have they that say who people The age. middle in intelligence alert and ready a of display the and youth in self-denial without effort, and labor without lawyer a or banker a as success win can you than it for suffering and striving without freedom have more no can You effort. without gained ever is gaining worth Nothing duties, their of least very the is voting yet vote; even they if citizens good being upon themselves plume rather enjoyment), to things other sacrifice not do they only if do to right perfect a have they (as life enjoying on bent are who men young our of or business, in men our of many great A war. of time in it shirks thus who man the than worse degree one only being as peace of time in State the to duty his shirks who means of man young the regard to grow likewise will it rightly, think to grows community the as far so In life. for struggle the in freedom them give circumstances whose people the common–in most is it whom among those in unpardonable entirely is it cleans small of those in pardoned be may shirking such while and business; or pleasure of plea whatever under duties political his shirk to right a has man No community. the of life Political the in duty his doing to time his of share reasonable a devote must man every that country this in axiomatic be to ought It life. civic in citizen American the of attitude the is of talk to wish I what for subject, my from aside is this virtues.But virile great the of lack the for atone possibly can prosperity material up building for capacity no literature, or art in beauty of appreciation and for love no delicacy, and sweetness no and ineffective; be virtue its and naught to come will wisdom its else breeders, good and fighters good of race a be must it vigorous; and strong be must race A children. healthy many of father the be must citizen ideal the as exactly flag, the of defense the for arms take to able and willing one be must citizen ideal the republic free a In world. the in position country’s a assure can alone which virtues military rude the of lack is there or undermined, is life domestic the if nation a save will duties civil to attention of amount no as exactly body; sound a and mind, sound a heart, sound a got not has who foes, his of presence the in fearless and friends his to faithful women, and men other with dealings his in honest not is who father, good a and husband good a not is who citizen good a be can man No manly. of adjective emphatic the by man a call we when think we which of virtues home the of possession his is citizen good a being man’s a for essential first the sense, one in course, Of